# Entropy:

There is one thing that has been increasing sionce the big bang the beginning of the universe. Scientists refer to it as entropy.
Entropy is not a a common word in everyday use. It is the idea that the universe as a whole is going from a more organized 
state to a less organizerd state constantly.  Another way to describe Entropy is that the total amount of chaos in the universe 
is constantly increasing. If a new problem seems to arise in your life as soon one problem is handled, then you may say, 
"ah yes I know entropy". But it is a concept that affects not only you but everything living and dead and everythign that is close 
and far away in a different galaxy. 

If I drop dead within hours the bacteria will start eating my body and within a few days as I fail to regenerate myself there 
will be nothing left that looks like me. But while I am still alive that does not happen. In other words the life force in me keeps 
me being myself. Life counteracts entropy. Life creates islands of order in a universe that is constantly becoming more disordered. 
The earth is full of life and the ability of life to conteract entropy fascinates us. This is even true when we don't think about the idea 
or explanation of this word or even if we have never heard of it. Infact we find it so incredulous that we try to explain it away by 
saying there must be a "God" that keeps our world together. Inherent to the idea of God is an acknowledgement of entropy. 

Every weekend I set my house in order. But by  the time Friday rolls around there is disorder everywhere. The junk mail has gathered 
in the living room. The unwashed clothes have gathered in the hamper. There is a little dust on the window sill that needs to be removed. 
The trash need be taken out of the house even if I did it every day for the last 5 days. I need to make some effort to get things back in order. 
If I do not make that effort then entropy takes over. In a very short while my house turns into a garbage dump. 

We constantly expend energy to keep order- keep ourselves in good health, keep our surroundings clean. Entropy is an inseparable part of life. 
In fact so much so that Entropy defines us and our culture. Every human endeavour is based on creating and maintaining form, apperance 
or behaviour.