# Excellence
Excellence is about being good. Its not about being good once, but being good every day. 

The process of how to get to good and then keep improving is worth exploration. As the proverb goes: The journey of a thousand miles begins 
with a single step. It is about starting a process and doing it enough number of times till your mind and muscle both remember it and internalize it. 
Riding a bicycle is an activity that most of us commit to muscle memory in very few sessions. As I reapeat any activity I become very sensitive 
to how small changes in my actions affect the outcome. Intelligence is the ability to make finer and finer distinctions about smaller and smaller things. 
You can actually become smarter by doing an activity many times. When repeating an activity and observing the result and what you did just prior to a 
certain outcome your mind/body combination internalizes the experience. Someone mentioned to me that it takes 10000 hours of doing an activity(driving a car, 
flying an airplane, programming, book-keeping etc.) to get really good at it. I am not going to focus on that number. But it is true that the tennis shot or golf swing 
does get better with every game or practice session.

The idea of accrued benefits through repetition comes with a caveat. The activity must speak to me and reveal itself to me as I repeat it. If I cannot be involved at that 
level then the progress is very slow. Aggregating small improvements made over a large time can lead to good outcomes. Improvement is simply about learning and 
applying a new idea. And doing this over and over again so that over time you see a difference that is perceptiple or measurable. Most of us naturally apply this process to 
some aspect of our lives. I am merely calling it out because being aware of it prevents me from falling off the saddle.

This improvement is accelerated if you can focus on the right kind of detail. In every endeavor it helps to have a good coach, a friend invested in providing constructive 
observations or a fellow activity partner that knows the right exercise so that your mind/body combination can effectively internalize and respond to the finest deatil of that activity. 
Having an external observer to see things you cannot see youself is a big help.

Excellence is key. The modern world allows us the luxury of specializing. Specializing allows  us to live simpler lives individually while benefiting from the 
excellence of other people. If you can find an area ofspecialization in which you can excell and if the product of that activity is in great demand then you 
can have a fulfilling experience. Being able to get the job done provides for a middle-class life. Excellence opens up opportunities for leadership and higher rewards. 
In this case I am not referring only to monetary rewards. The reward could also be in terms of recognition from your peers and wider audiences. 

What do you excel at or what can you excel at? Can you provide a different perspective on excellence.